hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about the season finale of alice in
borderland episode 8
and also what it means for season 2.
so we started this episode with a found
footage of the two girls of which one of
them was murdered in the ten of hearts
game
it looks like they're just students
similar to the girl that was killed
in the first episode apparently soon
after they arrived
they were recruited by strangers into
working of what i can assume
as people who monitor or set up the
games the girl that's alive even
recorded specifically
how to get into the place in which their
work takes place
i assume this footage was eventually
discovered by irisu
and we're only looking at it from a
distorted time frame
we skip back to the beach and sees arizu
arrive in the lobby
just in time to stop the yakuza from
killing any more innocent
people arasu tries to convince the
yakuza to work together
but is continuously beat up every time
he speaks
uzagi shouts that the yakuza must be the
witch
since he would kill arasu knowing foley
that our protagonist cannot be the witch
being locked up the whole time this
accusation was met with a swift
confirmation from the man himself
and the yakuza there's anyone to go and
kill him
this is stopped by arasu again and he
admits that the yakuza did kill someone
but not the schoolgirl in fact as we all
suspected
he was the one who murdered the hatter
his motives though
were not what we thought it would be as
it was not a struggle of power between
the militians and the beach
that caused hatter's murder arizona
theorized that the yakuza and the hatter
were actually very good friends
therefore it was never his goal to take
over the beach when the hatter was alive
as he could have done so a long time ago
with the manpower and the weapon he
possessed
why then did he only take over and go
ballistic
after his friend's death it's simple
because he blames everyone on the beach
for his friend becoming crazy
through a flashback we can see that the
yakuza wanted hatter to stop this
nonsense
called the beach since we find out that
collecting all the cards was an
objective made up to simply ban everyone
together
it was all a lie the true objective to
the beach
was to establish hatter's dream of an
utopia
but his idealism drove him to do
unspeakable things
with the third rule all who portrays the
beach
dies there were also other problems
such as the militians getting out of the
yakuza's control
that's right he was in fact trying to
tame all the crazies like mr nose ring
from simply pillaging everything in
sight
the yakuza no longer wanted to live in
this fantasy
which was about to collapse and tried to
convince the hatter to stop
but without the beach this also meant
that the hatter no longer had any reason
or hope for living since the sole
purpose he convinced himself to have
in this nihilistic world is to build
this utopia
even if it was on top of lies the hatter
then pulled out a gun and shoots at the
yakuza
instead that if he was not with him by
definition he was against him
the yakuza reacted and shot back killing
hatter in the process
the saddest part though is that hatter's
gun had no bullets to begin with
he would never kill his friend but his
hopelessness was too hard to bear
and he chose death at the hand of the
only one who he loved in this horrific
world shocked at this revelation arasu
then points out that the real witch
is in fact momoka the girl who was
murdered in the beginning
this is then confirmed by the forensic
lady as the fingerprints of the girl
showed her holding the knife towards
herself
in a fit of rage the yakuza continues to
bash
everyone in his way hoping that someone
eventually kills him
as he no longer wanted to live the other
schoolgirl confirms with arizu
that her friend was indeed the witch and
she shouts out that she's
the dealer immediately a laser appears
and shoots
right through her skull before everyone
can shake their shock of realization
mr nose ring now barbecued beyond
recognition
rushes out and starts shooting at
everyone
just before arizu was about to be shot
the yakuza jumped out
and took many bullets for our main
protagonist
while rushing towards naragi into the
flames
neutralizing both of them i think he
finally realized who the true enemy is
and this was his last chance for
redemption
they managed to burn the body of mumoka
and clear the game as everyone stares
hopelessly at the ruins of the beach
before they got out we see that arizu
took the phone of momoka's friend
and thus is where the footage from the
beginning of the episode came from
we see that there are many dealers
located under the subway station
and there are rewarded visas when the
players fail to clear the game
usagi and our suit then finds the
underground location with the help of
the videotapes
but sees the whole place is shut down
with freshly killed bodies
of the dealers lying on the ground this
basically confirms that if a game is
cleared
the dealer of that game gets killed
therefore
forcing a zero-sum situation in this
case
every single dealer was killed due to
the 10 of hearts game
probably because it was the last stage
of the faceless card games
the next stage with the face cards would
be governed by someone else
mr assassin's creed and miss blue bikini
also arrives here at the same time since
they figured out this location
with the map they obtained from the 5 of
spade game
all the monitors then suddenly turned on
as we see
meera one of the executives of the beach
telling them that a new round of games
are going to begin
the group heads out from underground and
sees huge
flags on airships showing all the face
cards
there are a couple of things we should
note here
firstly it seems like the schoolgirls
were only dealers who set up the games
and mira who seems to be in charge of
the face card games
is in fact the game master since there
are numerous
face cards we can assume that there are
many game masters
just like mira second also notice that
the face
cards are given during the daytime
unlike all the other
which were given at night also all the
games are given at the same time with
their own flags
indicating their game type this could
mean that the players can choose to join
the specific games they want at a
specific time
third if you read the manga you will
know that momoka in fact volunteered
to sacrifice herself for this game as
there was a rumor that by causing a
hundred
deaths in games the dealer may return to
their world
therefore she sacrificed herself so that
her friend may be saved
which explains why her friend chose to
kill herself once the game was lost
lastly it is very likely at this point
that the only way to leave
borderland is to beat all the face card
games
which in the process i assume would kill
all the game masters
this would also probably be the focus of
the second season of alice in borderland
so what do you guys think about the
season finale of alice in borderland
let me know in the comments below and as
always if you like my videos please
press like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time